Reorganize feature matrix (#868)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/client-configuration/pages/supported-features-centos.adoc

[[supported-features-centos]]

> = Suppored CentOS Features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Supported CentOS Features
```

This table lists the availability of various features on {CentOS} clients.

[WARNING]
====

> Plain {centos} is not currently an officially supported client operating system. It may or may not be supported in a future version of {productname}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{centos} is not currently an officially supported client operating system. 
It may or may not be supported in a future version of {productname}.
```

I don't think we can use "plain" because it's not actually a CentOS version.

Author: Maybe "CentOS without Expanded Support is not currently..." ?

> {centos} with an {es} subscription effectively turns {centos} into a {sleses} client, which makes it a supported client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, {centos} with an {es} subscription is supported.
```

[cols="1,1,1", options="header"]

> .Supported features on {centos} Operating Systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Supported Features on {centos} Operating Systems
```

Title case in headings.

| System locking |  ``Traditional`` | ``Traditional``
| System snapshot | ``Traditional`` | ``Traditional``
| Configuration file management |  icon:check[role="green"] | icon:check[role="green"]
| Snapshots and profiles |  ``Traditional``. +
``Salt``: Profiles supported, Sync not supported | ``Traditional``. +

> ``Salt``: Profiles supported, Sync not supported

Reviewer 2: Not from this PR, but line 69 below doesn't render.
